Name	About	Labels	Assignees
🐛 Bug report	Something isn't working as expected? Report your bugs here.	type: bug	
Welcome 👋
Thanks for taking the time to fill out this bug report.
Please fill out each section below. This info allows Mina maintainers to diagnose (and fix!) your issue as quickly as possible. Otherwise we might need to close the issue without e.g. clear reproduction steps.

Bug reports also should not be used for support requests about a specific problem in your deployments, please use GitHub Discussions for that.

Useful Links:

Documentation: https://docs.minaprotocol.com/
Developer README file: README-dev.md
Contributing: check CONTRIBUTING.md
Preliminary Checks
Please make sure that you verify each checkbox and follow the instructions for them.

 This issue is not a duplicate. Before opening a new issue, please search existing issues: https://github.com/MinaProtocol/mina/issues *
 This issue is not a question, feature request, RFC, or anything other than a bug report. Please post those things in GitHub Discussions: https://github.com/MinaProtocol/mina/discussions *
Description
Describe the issue that you're seeing.

Be as precise as you can. Feel free to share screenshots, videos, or logs.
Steps to Reproduce
Clear steps describing how to reproduce the issue.

1.
2.
3.
...

Expected Result
Describe what you expected to happen.

Actual Result
Describe what actually happened.

How frequently do you see this issue?
What is the impact of this issue on your ability to run a node?
Status
Run "mina client status" in your project directory and paste the output here.

You'll get an output similar to this:

Mina daemon status
-----------------------------------

Global number of accounts:                     25865
Block height:                                  41391
...
Consensus time now:                            epoch=8, slot=1416
Consensus mechanism:                           proof_of_stake
Consensus configuration:
	Delta:                     0
	k:                         290
	Slots per epoch:           7140
	Slot duration:             3m
	Epoch duration:            14d21h
	Chain start timestamp:     2021-03-17 00:00:00.000000Z
	Acceptable network delay:  3m

...
Sharing logs 📋
We are currently developing a new service to safely enable our community upload their logs using this form, in the meanwhile please send your logs to our e-mail:

Run "mina client export-logs";
Upload the resulting tar.gz file to a hosting service (Google Drive, Dropbox, etc.);
Share the link where we can download your logs with logs@o1labs.org;
Additional information
Tell us anything else you think we should know.
